If your family is dependent on your income,
Then, you must have term insurance.
What is term insurance?
Term insurance is that
In case of your death,
A large amount is given to your family
by the insurance company on your behalf.
This term insurance is as important,
As having your Aadhar card
Like having your Voter ID card.
If you still do not have term insurance,
There can be three reasons for this.
First, you consider yourself immortal,
Second, you feel that after my death,
What are my responsibilities toward my family?
There is no responsibility
Or thirdly,
No one has ever explained to you in detail about term insurance,
So, if you are from the first two points,
Then, skip the video.
It is of no use to you,
However, if you are from that third point,
Then, watch this video till the end.
See brother, as long as you are safe,
All your dreams will be fulfilled i.e,, car, bungalow, children,
Marriage, retirement, everything will be done,
But when you are not there, what will be the use?
This term insurance will be useful which you need the most.
But the insurance agent doesn't want to sell
Because he doesn't get any commission
And he goes away after selling something else.
If you are watching this video
And you believed, that brother,
I am not immortal,
And I have a responsibility towards the family.
So, brother, check your term insurance,
Is it present or not?
If not, then brother,
When to take it? How much to take?
How to take it?
I will tell you everything in this video
And you are saying that no,
I have taken it, brother,
I do not have any tension.
So, brother, many mistakes are made while taking insurance
And today, I am going to discuss 9 such mistakes
That people make related to term insurance
So, watch the entire video once
And check whether you have made any of these mistakes.
Otherwise, you won't even get a chance to improve,
So, by saying Janta Janardan Ki Jai Ho
Let's start the video!